README.md, before:

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/GSA/us-data-federation.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/GSA/us-data-federation)

# us-data-federation

U.S. Data Federation website


## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) for additional information.

This site is automatically published based on the branch.

Branch    | Environment | URL
------    | ----------- | ---
`develop` | staging     | [federation-staging.data.gov](https://federation-staging.data.gov/)
`master`  | production  | [federation.data.gov](https://federation.data.gov/)


## Public domain

This project is in the worldwide [public domain](LICENSE.md). As stated in [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md):

> This project is in the public domain within the United States, and copyright and related rights in the work worldwide are waived through the [CC0 1.0 Universal public domain dedication](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).
>
> All contributions to this project will be released under the CC0 dedication. By submitting a pull request, you are agreeing to comply with this waiver of copyright interest.

Commit message:

Make main/master the default branch
This proposes we simplify our workflow to make `main` the default branch.
`master` will be renamed to `main`. Feature branches will be branched from
`main` and then merged directly to `main` without going to staging/`develop`
first.

The staging site is used ad-hoc for significant changes but is otherwise unused.

README.md, after:

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/GSA/us-data-federation.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/GSA/us-data-federation)

# us-data-federation

U.S. Data Federation website


## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) for additional information.

This site is automatically published based on the branch.

Branch    | Environment | URL | Description
------    | ----------- | --- | -----------
`develop` | staging     | [federation-staging.data.gov](https://federation-staging.data.gov/) | Ad-hoc development and significant changes requiring partner review.
`main`  | production  | [federation.data.gov](https://federation.data.gov/) | Production instance.

Federalist automatically builds previews for all branches. Changes to `main` are
automatically published to [federation.data.gov](https://federation.data.gov/).
Feature branches should be branched from `main`.

`develop` is used ad-hoc in order to preview significant changes with partners
and is not part of the development workflow.


## Public domain

This project is in the worldwide [public domain](LICENSE.md). As stated in [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md):

> This project is in the public domain within the United States, and copyright and related rights in the work worldwide are waived through the [CC0 1.0 Universal public domain dedication](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).
>
> All contributions to this project will be released under the CC0 dedication. By submitting a pull request, you are agreeing to comply with this waiver of copyright interest.
